WIP: escape hatches proposal (#270)
awslabs/cdk8s: README.md

- [TypeScript](./docs/getting-started/typescript.md)
- [Python](./docs/getting-started/python.md)

## Advanced

### Escape Hatches

In the case where `cdk8s+` doesn't satisfy your needs or importing a custom resource doesn't work, you can always fall back to `cdk8s` escape hatches. Escape hatches can also help you migrate your infrastructure to `cdk8s` by providing a way to mix your legacy YAML with `cdk8s` constructs.

`cdk8s` offers two ways for you to use escape hatches:

#### Overrides

Overrides are great when you want _most_ of what a `cdk8s+` (or other) construct offers, but you want to change some property. Here's an example:

Perhaps you are creating a `kplus.Deployment`

```ts
import * as kplus from 'cdk8s-plus';

const deployment = new kplus.Deployment(chart, 'Deployment', {
  spec: {
    replicas: 3,
    podSpecTemplate: {
      containers: [ container ]
    }
  },
});
```

> `cdk8s+` lets you set set replicas and the pod spec, but does not have an option for `strategy`. It leaves it to the default `RollingUpdate`. If you want to specify this, but still want to use `cdk8s+` constructs, you can use an override like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the moment, `cdk8s+` lets you define replicas and the pod spec, but does not have an option for `strategy`. It leaves it to the default `RollingUpdate`. If you want to specify this, but still want to use `cdk8s+` constructs, you can use an override like so:
```

```ts

> deployment.addOverride('spec.strategy', 'Recreate')

Reviewer: Mention the format of the first argument (is is a JSON query?)

Author: Ah, will do that. Yes, intended to be a json path

> deployment.addOverride('spec.strategy', 'Recreate')

Reviewer: Similarly to the AWS CDK, I think overrides should be implemented in the L1 layer, not L2.

I am not sure we need explicit overrides in L2 (cdk8s+). Users should be able to use `node.defaultChild` to find the L1 behind an L2 and then we should add overrides to the L1 layer.

Author: Aha gotcha, I'll take another look here then

```

#### Raw k8s Template Insertion

Let's now say that you're in the middle of migrating your infrastructure to `cdk8s`. You can mix YAML or JSON into your `cdk8s` app like so:

```ts
import { Construct } from 'constructs';
import { Chart, Raw } from 'cdk8s';

class MyChart extends Chart {
 constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);

>     new Raw(this, 'raw', {

Reviewer: What's the difference between `Raw` and `Include`? I think they should be the same thing, no?

Author: No difference, good callout! I actually didn't realize we had `Include` already :)
